Maybe the tattoo is a little bit
off-putting, but he makes $160,000
per month. Might not add Is that worth
any ads?
>> No.
>> No [__] ads. Only organic.
>> [__] ads. Right now, I am projected for
this month being the fourth of the month
already at 106,000 for this month.
Everyone in the world that already
cracked organic was making way more
money.
>> If you were speaking directly to this
person, what advice would you have for
them?
>> Dude, if you just want to make some more
money and crack your Instagram
algorithm,
>> this is Aush. He's an online business
owner who started working with me four
months ago. And within this four months,
within the first month, his business
jumped from 20 to 30K. The second month,
his business jumped from 30 to 60K. And
then his third month, his business
jumped from 60 to $160,000
per month. All without doing cold
outreach or spending a dollar on ads.
And in this video, he's going to walk
you through exactly how he did it. So
sit back, grab some popcorn, and enjoy
the show. Ladies and gentle
anymore. Is he even a thing anymore?
>> Oh man. Ladies and gentlemen, we have a
very, very special guest here. This
right here is Mr. Aush. Now, Mr. Aush, I
know maybe the tattoo is a little bit
off-putting, but he makes $160,000
per month. Might I add, is that with any
ads?
>> No.
>> No [__] ads. Only organic.
>> [__] ads.
>> Mr. Aush a month ago, how much money did
you make last month?
>> 60,000.
>> So you went from 60 to 160.
>> But then the month before that it was
30.
>> The month before that you were 30.
>> And then give a couple more months 30
and then it was low 20s.
>> So you went from 30 then you doubled the
business from 30 to 60
>> to immediately to 166. Right now I am
projected for this month being the
fourth of the month already at 106,000
for this month.
>> All right. So in between the months of
well obviously you went from 30 to 60 to
160 but before that you were hitting
consistently 30 30 in 2020 2020. So
that's a big jump in between 30 to 60.
That's an even bigger jump from 60 to
160.
>> In between that 30 and 60k a month what
changed?
>> I hired your handsome face.
>> You hired my handsome face. Yes.
>> You flatter me too much.
So specifically whenever it comes down
to the content and the business and all
the other kachas or the tangible
differences that you saw directly after
joining Nexus,
>> I was able to script videos that
actually would get views more and more
and more and cracked my algorithm which
also brought in a bunch of inbound leads
which grew my business organically
without even me realizing it.
>> You don't do any code outbound or
anything like that, right?
>> No.
>> So you let me make sure I'm getting this
right. organically went from 30k a month
to 60k a month within 30 days.
>> Yes.
>> And then the month after that you went
from 60 to 160 and you're continuing to
hit over six figures a month
consistently completely organic.
>> Correct.
>> Let's start here for the people that's
watching that don't know you already.
Let's say they live live under a rock
that are on Instagram. Tell them who you
are and what you do.
>> Hi, my name is Aayush Swami and I'm a
content marketer with a donefor you
agency.
>> Perfect. Mr. Aish, how long have you
been in business overall?
>> For 10 years.
>> You're an old man. All right. I'm an old
man.
>> You've been here for 10 years.
>> Cool. So, you've been in business for 10
years.
>> Before you started working with me, what
were the issues that you felt as if you
were having within your business?
>> I was unable to stop being a
videographer and start becoming a
content marketer that could actually
scale businesses organically.
>> Makes sense. Okay. So, over the past, I
want to say what, three months, you've
stepped into the identity of becoming a
content marketer. But before then,
you're a videographer. Correct.
>> Before working with me, whenever you
were in that little transition period or
really not even that transition period,
you're more so just stuck in the
videography days. What did that feel
like to you personally in that moment
that like I was unable to crack the said
algorithm quality of content was
probably pointless because videos filmed
with a cinematic camera didn't do [__]
Honestly, everything was a joke.
Instagram is rigged. all the things that
everyone says,
>> right?
>> And then as soon as I started working
with you, I realized, wait, this was
actually just a game. You just have to
know the rules of the game to win.
>> That sounds like me.
>> That sounds like me. What was it? Was
there like a particular moment to where
you felt as if you just hit rock bottom
with the videography thing to where like
you feel like you were just hitting the
wall up against
>> That felt like that when my ex- best
friend/ business partner destroyed the
business. But that's a little different.
that is a little different.
>> But in terms of like for like actually
scaling the business on my own, it was
just trying to figure out how do I stop
being a videographer which caps my time
to put into the business to scale and
more thinking how to create an offer
that I could be scalable with.
>> For everyone else that you worked with
previously, how did they tell you to
acquire clients? I know you hired a
bunch of people.
>> Yeah. all the other past mentorships, it
was to either do a bunch of cold DMs,
post content, but they never cracked the
algorithm, so it was kind of empty like
advice. Uh, or run ads.
>> Makes sense. Okay. So, you tried running
ads. How'd that go?
>> It went decent for what it was, but I
knew this was dumb because you had to
still spend money to acquire a customer
when I knew everyone in the world that
already cracked organic was making way
more money organically since all free.
Also on top of that, their ads perform
better if they have a good organic.
>> Exactly. And that was the biggest thing.
I also know even from working with a lot
of clients that run ads, their cost per
client acquisition was just so horrible
because their organic was so trash. So
they would talk about how they're trying
to keep their ad spend down and they're
getting to worst months because well ad
spend goes up when their content was
also trash.
>> They did. Okay. So you tried ads, you
tried cold outreach. How long have you
been doing How long have you been trying
to get the organic up and running?
>> If we want to say from day one 10 years
ago.
>> Okay. So, up until the point of working
with me back 10 years,
what did you try like did you hire
coaches or
>> I hired uh mentors for agencies um
potential competitors that technically
were content marketers. So competitors
today to me
>> and all of them either ran ads for me
without telling me
>> or they just taught me things that
actually were never cracking the code.
It was almost like things that they
thought from an influencer side that
doesn't work for educational content.
>> You're saying this isn't like
you're not saying singular coaches,
you're saying multiple coaches. How many
coaches did you work with?
>> I've worked with like five or six.
>> Five or six content coaches. Correct.
>> So, if you worked with five or six
content coaches previously, what was the
moment that you felt like you wanted to
start working with me?
>> Well, I didn't know I could work with
you until you DM'd me.
>> Otherwise, I would have already worked
with you.
>> Okay. So, whenever I reached out cuz I
remember sending that DM and we went
over what Nexus looks like. Did you have
any doubts at the time?
>> No, it was literally as soon as I
remember getting on the call, I just
told you, "Bro, you already sold me.
Just give me the number. Oh, here's my
card."
What made you or what why did you have
so much confidence coming into that
call?
>> Because back when you showed up in 2022
or 2023, I always wanted to be you
because I could see all of your content
which just kept hitting and I was trying
to be one of the first pioneers into the
talking head era. And when I realized I
couldn't figure out what you were
already doing and I copied a few of your
videos and still didn't work, I was like
[__] I would love to just like get
mentored by you. So, by the time I found
out you had an offer, it was a legit
no-brainer that okay, I'll just pay him
whatever the [__] the price is. I don't
care.
>> So, I remember that. I remember that
call. It was pretty quick. And then
directly after you paid, we got your
onboarded.
Whenever you joined Nexus,
how quickly did you feel like you made
the right decision?
>> It was immediately.
>> Huh. So whenever you did join, let's say
in the first couple of let's say a
couple months,
what were the best things that stood out
to you after joining?
>> Learning how to script efficiently. It
felt very like straightforward. It
didn't feel like riddles. It felt like I
knew exactly what to do. The only thing
was just like you just have to play the
game, stay consistent, and as long as
you didn't quit applying those
principles, you would inevitably win.
By those principles,
with the transformation that you've been
able to make, going from 30 to $160,000
a month, if you had to put it down to
one thing specifically,
what would you attest it to?
>> Conviction.
>> What do you mean by conviction?
>> The ability to actually believe and have
confidence not only in yourself, but
also the way you present yourself. If
you believe in yourself and you truly
mean that and then you're able to then
get on camera, people can feel you
actually know your [__] and people can
feel that subconsciously while watching
your content. I feel as if whenever you
joined Nexus, you already had a decent
amount of knowledge like it wasn't like
you didn't know your [__] at that time.
What made you feel like you had a better
like what was the difference between
before Nexus and after Nexus whenever it
comes down to your conviction on camera?
As soon as I started applying your
specific principles within scripting and
ideiation and then like the specifics
within filming and editing, I was able
to stop jumping around with different
content formats, go all in on just
talking head reels. That allowed me to
slowly see the linear growth. It wasn't
massive at first, but I could finally
see those small wins.
>> So, as soon as I kept seeing that over
time, subconsciously, I just got more
confident. And eventually once I got
within the first two months of my first
viral video to just destroy my algorithm
and blow me up, that immediately was a
night overnight switch where I just felt
like I had a big dick.
>> Obviously now you're a big baller, 160
grand a month. Thinking back, I know
it's hard for you. Thinking back to the
20k a month days before you joined
Nexus, can you describe the biggest
frustration that you were having with
your content and with your business? I
couldn't get more views organically, so
I couldn't get more clients.
>> That sums sound up pretty well. Can you
remember one specific moment that really
stands out to where to where you felt
that frustration?
>> Every single time I felt like I put a
lot of effort into a video, I would end
up getting less than a,000 views.
>> Less than 1,000 views.
>> Yeah.
>> How much effort were you putting into
videos?
>> Pretty much to the point where it would
take me like a week to do a video.
>> A week to get a to do a video. And how
many warm outbounds or inbounds were you
getting whenever you're doing that?
>> Negative a million.
>> And then how many clients did you sign
on within the past week?
>> Bro, I don't even know. There's too
many. I have too many.
>> Well, you got to be running ads or
something, right?
>> No, I just wake up to calls with all
organic content.
>> Obviously, now you do have something
that's worked now. You added 140k on to
your monthly revenue. So, what was the
main thing that we've been able to do to
help you solve, let's say, cracking the
algorithm?
>> The three things that changed for me
were that I was able to script my
content, which made me more confident on
camera because then by being more
confident on camera. I was able to stay
consistent with the same thing because I
was posting the same thing and seeing
linear results, not only with my
engagement, but also my revenue kept
going up because clients just kept
coming to me.
>> Hell yeah. All right. So, all this said,
let's say someone is watching this right
now, but for whatever reason, they're on
the fence about joining Nexus. If you
were speaking directly to this person,
what advice would you have for them?
>> Dude, if you just want to make some more
money and crack your Instagram
algorithm, just give Devon your credit
card already.
>> So, that said, for the person that's
watching this right now, what would you
tell them?
>> They should go comment next.
>> I usually lied. If you go comment nexus
under this video, you're not going to
get anything. So, with that said, if you
want to see, well, if you're a business
owner making over 10K a month and you
want to see what Texus could look like
implemented inside your business to
hopefully get similar results to Mush,
then feel free to go and click on the
first link in the description below to
learn more about Texus.